[Changed] New challenge (#13)
Creditas/frontend-challenge-vlc: README.md

  {
    snacks: [
      {
        id: string,
        name: string,
        price: number,
      },
    ];
  }
  ```

- POST https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/films/confirm

  request

  ```javascript
  {
    id: string;
  }
  ```

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    seatNumber: number;
  }
  ```

- POST https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/snacks/confirm

  request

  ```javascript
  {
    id: string;
  }
  ```

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    queueNumber: number;
  }
  ```

### Layout

The template requires some css rules in order to be displayed as proposed in the screenshots provided. Feel free to use any property you feel like to achieve so.

#### Desktop version

![Desktop version](./desktop-layout.png)

#### Mobile version

![Mobile version](./mobile-layout.png)

## Your solution

### Must have

- README file containing instructions for the project setup along with the chosen stack

### Extra points

- Extra explanation in your README file such as architectural overview, testing strategy, things to improve (next steps) etc

### Stack

- You are free to choose the stack and language that you feel comfortable with!

> - In case of doubt which one to choose, we prefer React over Vue or Angular since that's the stack we are currently using at Creditas

Reviewer: I am not sure about that sentence. Indirectly we are forcing candidates to do the challenge in React because "that is what we prefer". Moreover, in the first sentence we are talking about choose the stack that you want and in that second one we are indicated 3 frameworks 🤔

Reviewer 2: It might seem like forcing, but I see it more like an orientation. Still, I prefer to give a set of preferred frameworks.

In that scenario, a jQuery solution is totally valid and we might not be able to evaluate what we want to evaluate compared to a solution based on those frameworks.

I would choose based on what puts the candidate in a better position for success.

Reviewer: Clearly we have different point of view of what is best for a candidate and it's great to have different opinions. This would be a great topic to discuss with a beer, if it weren't for the damn covid 😞

## tldr
For me is ok to have that sentence, but definitely one of the two sentences should be deleted, we can't say choose the stack you want and in the following sentence say we prefer React. 

## Why I don't think that is the best for a candidate?
The first point is that frontend isn't only React, Angular or Vue. Exists a lot of frameworks ember, meteor, mithril... Moreover exists a lot of great engineers that work with vanilla JS or even jQuery and most of them don't know anything about React, Angular or Vue. Really we want to discard that people? 

For me a great engineers isn't that who knows a framework. In fact, for me that is one of the things that I found least valuable when looking for a candidate. In a candidate I look to how she thinks, why she applies that solution to resolve that concrete problem? How the code is organize? Is she applying good pattern to resolve the problem? That are better things to look in a candidate better that if she can user one or another FW. That is the reason why I don't like to put anything about a framework in a challenge.

But as I said before, that is just my opinion and I don't have any problem if we decided to leave that mention to the frameworks. We can always receive feedback from candidates and iterate to improve our challenge 💪

Reviewer 2: I totally understand your point of view.

Based on the discussion, I changed my mind and I would go first with the most freedom for the candidates instead of suggesting what to use (I assumed an issue without any fact backing it), and based on feedback we iterate 😄

Reviewer 3: We are going to keep it open, and not hint about any specific framework.
We are not going to provide a setup of the challenge since the we want to give freedom to candidates to choose their stack.

Thanks for all your suggestions!

<img src="./logo-creditas.svg" width="400">

# Frontend Challenge

This is a challenge designed to measure the candidate's expertise.

> In this challenge,we focus both on code design and design patterns in JavaScript.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this challenge, we focus both on code design and design patterns in JavaScript.
```

> At Creditas we always work giving constructive feedback, therefore we will always dedicate the outmost attention to every solution submitted, contacting you back with the positive aspects of your submission and what could be improved.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
At Creditas, we value giving (and receiving) constructive feedback, therefore we will always dedicate the outmost attention to every solution submitted, contacting you back with the positive aspects of your submission and what could be improved.
```

> Just for that it is worth trying! :)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Just for that, it is worth trying! :). We also ask you to help us to improve our hiring process, at the end of this file you will find a form allowing you to share your impressions with us
```

## The challenge

> Cine Creditas is getting bigger and bigger and needs to create a self-service booking system.

Reviewer 4: Cine Creditas FTW!

> In order to make a booking, users must select a **film** and a **snack**.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In order to make a booking, our clients must select a **film** and a **snack**.
```

> It is **important** to remark that our business model requires the user to select both elements ( a film and a snack )

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It is **important** to remark that our business model requires the client to select both elements ( a film and a snack )
```

> Once the user has selected both items, they must confirm their selection and as a result a ticket will be displayed describing user's choice.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once the client has selected both items, they must confirm their selection and as a result, a ticket will be displayed describing the client's choice.
```

> Your mission will be to build a web application where the user can see both a list of films and a list of snacks, have the possibility to confirm their selection and display the corresponding generated ticket.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your mission will be to build a web application where the client can see both a list of films and a list of snacks, have the possibility to confirm their selection and display the corresponding generated ticket.
```

> Right now due to the traffic we are generating, we are averaging over 10 seconds to generate the ticket.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Right now due to the right amount of clients accessing our website, we are averaging over 10 seconds to generate the ticket.
```

> As part of the challenge we need your help in order to reduce this delay as much as possible.

Reviewer 4: Could you please provide further explanation about the reasoning of these criteria? 

I'm struggling to understand what exactly the candidate has to do in order to improve this 10 seconds delay. Since there is no additional code/implementation in the assignment, it might be super easy for the candidate to pass into these criteria, so I'm not sure if its worth to add this here

is there some kind of delay in the `POST: /api/films/confirm` and `POST: /api/snacks/confirm`?

Reviewer 3: @rsicarelli The thing is that the ticket needs information from the response of both endpoints. They can do these requests sequentially or in parallel. This is where the time will considerably change, since the requests take 5 seconds to respond.

Reviewer 3: To clarify:

> is there some kind of delay in the POST: /api/films/confirm and POST: /api/snacks/confirm?

Yes, there is!

Reviewer 4: Awesome, clear! You can resolve this comment if you wish 👌

## Resources

### Endpoints

> - GET https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/films

Reviewer 4: This endpoint returns only 3 items. Maybe worth adding a bit more items (maybe +10? +20?) to also check the performance/experience on the mobile version. If there are bad performance practices in place, the experience will be bad in mobile, having only 3 items it's hard to spot that

Reviewer 4: Also, what if we add random 2-3 broken images in the items in order to evaluate the ability to handle error cases?

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    films: [
      {
        id: string,
        title: string,
        genre: string,
        price: string,
        imageUrl: string,
      },
    ];
  }
  ```

- GET https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/snacks

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    snacks: [
      {
        id: string,
        name: string,
        price: number,
      },
    ];
  }
  ```

- POST https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/films/confirm

  request

  ```javascript
  {
    id: string;
  }
  ```

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    seatNumber: number;
  }
  ```

- POST https://frontend-challenge-vlc-api.public.dev.creditas.io/api/snacks/confirm

  request

  ```javascript
  {
    id: string;
  }
  ```

  response

  ```javascript
  {
    queueNumber: number;
  }
  ```

### Layout

The template requires some css rules in order to be displayed as proposed in the screenshots provided. Feel free to use any property you feel like to achieve so.

> 

Reviewer 4: Could you also add which items are mandatory to display? Maybe things like `image`, `price` and `title`

Even if it's super obvious for us, worth making it clear to the candidate as well

#### Desktop version

![Desktop version](./desktop-layout.png)

#### Mobile version

![Mobile version](./mobile-layout.png)

## Development

### Prerequisites

You will need to install on your machine:

> - [Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) in order to clone the repository containing this challenge and submit the pull request with your solution.

Reviewer 3: If we're not expecting PRs then we can remove this section of cloning the repo.

Reviewer 4: +1

> ### Configuration to run the environment

Reviewer 4: Combined with @nico-creditas comment above, I think that we could remove this section as well
